# hack3r
For beginners which zero knowledge on ethical hacking  




This repostory is only for EDUCATIONAL PURPOSE and purpose of this repository is guide for the potential learners who are intrested in ehical hacking and also may help the one seeking a job in this field.Do not attempt to violate the law with anything contained here. If you planned to use the content for illegal purpose, then please leave this immediately! We will not be responsible for your any illegal actions. Neither administration of this website, the authors of this material, or anyone else affiliated in any way, is going to accept responsibility for your actions.The misuse of the information in this can result in criminal charges brought against the persons in question. The authors and hackersterminal.com will not be held responsible in the event any criminal charges be brought against any individuals misusing the information in this website to break the law.You shall not misuse the information to gain unauthorised access. However you may try out these hacks on your own computer at your own risk. Performing hack attempts (without permission) on computers that you do not own is illegal.We holds no responsibility for the contents found in the user comments since we do not monitor them. However we may remove any sensitive information present in the user comments upon request. Neither the creator nor Hackers Terminal is responsible for the comments posted on this website.This contains materials that can be potentially damaging or dangerous. If you do not fully understand something on this site, then GO OUT OF HERE! Refer to the laws in your province/country before accessing, using, or in any other way utilizing these materials. These materials are for educational and research purposes only.All the information by us are meant for developing Hacker Defense attitude among the users and help preventing the hack attacks.HARSH MALHOTRA insists that these information shall not be used for causing any kind of damage directly or indirectly. However you may try these codes on your own computer at your own risk.We believe only in White Hat Hacking. On the other hand we condemn Black Hat Hacking.We reserve the right to modify the Disclaimer at any time without notice.
